Slightly better README (#74)
meeshkan/meeshkan: README.md

[![PyPi](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/meeshkan)](https://pypi.org/project/meeshkan/)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/pypi/l/meeshkan)](LICENSE)

Meeshkan is a tool that mocks HTTP APIs for use in sandboxes as well as for automated and exploratory testing. It uses a combination of API definitions, recorded traffic and code in order to make crafting mocks as enjoyable as possible.

> Meeshkan requires Python 3.6 or later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This doesn't need to be here as it's already mentioned in the `Installation` step.

What would be nice here, is something about _who_ should be using Meeshkan or the best use cases. So some shorter version of the `Who should use Meeshkan?` section of the announcement could work.

> ## Table of Contents

Reviewer: A friendly alternative could also be...

```suggestion
## What's in this document
```

1. [Installation](#installation)
1. [Hello world](#hello-world)
1. [Collect](#collect)
1. [Build](#build)

> 1. [Mock](#mock)

Reviewer: I love the idea of mimicking the workflow in the README structure! 

My only note is that these headers should be able to stand on their own (as should each section generally). So we should make these more specific.

1. [Development](#development)

> 1. [Contributing](#contributing)

Reviewer: It won't let me leave a suggested commit, but this should be an unordered list.

Note that `meeshkan` requires **Python 3.6+.**

## Getting started with Meeshkan

The basic Meeshkan flow is **collect, build and mock.**
1. To start, **collect** data from recorded server traffic and/or OpenAPI specs.
1. Then, **build** a schema that unifies these various data sources.
1. Finally, use this schema to create a **mock** server of an API.

### Tutorial

The [Meeshkan tutorial](https://github.com/meeshkan/meeshkan-tutorial) covers the most essential aspects of the collect, build and mock flow.

### Hello world

```bash
$ meeshkan record -r --daemon # start the recorder in daemon mode
$ curl http://localhost:8000 -H '{"Host": "time.jsontest.com" }' # record traffic
$ meeshkan record --stop-daemon # stop the daemon
$ meeshkan build
$ meeshkan mock -r --daemon # start the mocking server in daemon mode
$ curl http://localhost:8000 -H '{"Host": "time.jsontest.com" }' # mock traffic
$ meeshkan mock --stop-daemon # stop the daemon
```

## Collect recordings of API traffic

> To build a Meeshkan spec, you must first **collect** recordings of server traffic and/or OpenAPI server specs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's look at how to build a Meeshkan spec. First, you have to **collect** recordings of server traffic and/or OpenAPI server specs.
```

The wording of this sentence and the following are a bit repetitive, so trying to switch it up a bit.

To record API traffic, the Meeshkan CLI provides a `record` mode that captures API traffic using a proxy.

```bash
$ pip install meeshkan # if not installed yet
$ meeshkan record
```

> This starts Meeshkan as a reverse proxy on the default port of `8000`.  For example, with curl, you can use Meeshkan as a proxy like so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This starts Meeshkan as a reverse proxy on the default port of `8000`.  For example, with curl, you can use Meeshkan as a proxy like so:
```

```bash
$ curl http://localhost:8000/http://api.example.com
```

By default, the recording proxy treats the path as the target URL and writes a [`.jsonl`](https://jsonlines.org) file containing logs of all server traffic to a `logs` directory.  All logs are created in the [`http-types`](https://github.com/meeshkan/http-types) format.  The `meeshkan build` tool expects all recordings to be represented in a `.jsonl` file containing recordings represented in the `http-types` format.

For more information about recording, including direct file writing and kafka streaming, see the [recording documentation](./guides/RECORD.md).

## Build a Meeshkan spec from recordings

> Using the Meeshkan CLI, you can **build** an OpenAPI schema from a single `.jsonl` file in the [HTTP Types](https://meeshkan.github.io/http-types/) JSON format in addition to any existing OpenAPI specs that describe how a servie works.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the Meeshkan CLI, you can **build** an OpenAPI schema from a single `.jsonl` file, in addition to any existing OpenAPI specs that describe how a service works.
```

We talk about HTTP Types in the next paragraph so I think it's fine to omit here.

```bash
$ pip install meeshkan # if not done yet
$ meeshkan build -i path/to/recordings.jsonl [-o path/to/output_directory]
```

> The input file should be in [JSON Lines](http://jsonlines.org/) format and every line should be in [HTTP Types](https://meeshkan.github.io/http-types/) JSON format.For an example input file, see [recordings.jsonl](https://github.com/Meeshkan/meeshkan/blob/master/resources/recordings.jsonl). The libraries listed at [HTTP Types](https://meeshkan.github.io/http-types/) can be used to generate input files in your language of choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The input file should be in [JSON Lines](http://jsonlines.org/) format and every line should be in [HTTP Types](https://meeshkan.github.io/http-types/) JSON format. 

For an example input file, see [recordings.jsonl](https://github.com/Meeshkan/meeshkan/blob/master/resources/recordings.jsonl). The libraries listed at [HTTP Types](https://meeshkan.github.io/http-types/) can be used to generate input files in your language of choice.
```

Another note, we should choose one way to write HTTP Types (either HTTP Types or `http-types`) because we use both throughout the document.

Note that `meeshkan` requires **Python 3.6+.**

## Hello world

The basic Meeshkan flow is **collect, build and mock.**
1. Start by **collecting** data from recorded server traffic and OpenAPI specs.
1. Then, **build** a schema that unifies these various data sources.
1. Finally, use this schema to create a **mock** server of an API.

```bash
$ meeshkan record -r --daemon # start the recorder in daemon mode
$ curl http://localhost:8000 -H '{"Host": "time.jsontest.com" }' # record traffic

> $ meeshkan record --stop-daemon # stop the daemon

Reviewer 2: Maybe `meeshkan record stop` could be easier? An alternative might also be the more Hoverfly-ish
```bash
$ meeshkan start --daemon
$ meeshkan record
$ curl ...
$ meeshkan mock
$ curl ...
$ meeshkan stop
```

Author: Agreed that Meeshkan record stop could be easier, I'm not too picky about the commands and their flags, so whatever Nikolay implements is fine.

I don't think we should expect the server to switch between recording and mocking on the fly at this point, as the internals of doing so is too hairy.  We have to treat them as two separate entities IMO.

Reviewer 2: Ok, I think a single process would be simpler from user standpoint but I can see how it can get too hairy for us at this stage.

Reviewer 3: The final syntax is 
`bash
meeshkan mock start
meeshkan mock start -d
meeshkan mock stop
meeshkan record start
meeshkan record start -d
meeshkan record stop
`

Note that `meeshkan` requires **Python 3.6+.**

> ## Hello world

Reviewer: I'd suggest turning this into a broader section like `Getting started with Meeshkan` or `Getting up-and-running with Meeshkan` - then I would also add something about the tutorial here too.

So it could be like...
- Flow description
- Tutorial 
- Hello world

The basic Meeshkan flow is **collect, build and mock.**
1. To start, **collect** data from recorded server traffic and/or OpenAPI specs.
1. Then, **build** a schema that unifies these various data sources.
1. Finally, use this schema to create a **mock** server of an API.

> 

Reviewer: A "Hello world" type article should help guide the user through their first experience using the product. So this section needs a bit more context about what we expect the user to do exactly, any prereqs and perhaps more explanation through each step.

Author: I understand what you're saying, but I'm struggling to write this.

Reviewer: Understandable. To start, we could add a sentence after the header that says like `Once you've [installed Meeshkan](#installation), you can execute the following commands using the Meeshkan CLI. This will help you get up-and-running with your very first Meeshkan project!` (or some variation of this)

We could break the commands up into sections (recorder, build, mock) and add one or two sentences before to briefly explain what is happening and where we're getting the data. 

Wdyt?

```bash
$ meeshkan record -r --daemon # start the recorder in daemon mode
$ curl http://localhost:8000 -H '{"Host": "time.jsontest.com" }' # record traffic
$ meeshkan record --stop-daemon # stop the daemon
$ meeshkan build
$ meeshkan mock -r --daemon # start the mocking server in daemon mode
$ curl http://localhost:8000 -H '{"Host": "time.jsontest.com" }' # mock traffic
$ meeshkan mock --stop-daemon # stop the daemon
```

## Collect

> To build a Meeshkan spec, one must first **collect** recordings of server traffic and/or OpenAPI server specs.

Reviewer: We should decide on whether we want to write documentation from the perspective of `we` or `you` then replace `one must...` or other instances where we use one or the other with that. Most of this document uses `you` which is fine as long as we stay consistent.

> To record API traffic, Meeshkan provides a recorder that can capture API traffic using a proxy.

Reviewer: We should mention something about the Meeshkan CLI here since we do in other sections.

```bash
$ pip install meeshkan # if not installed yet
$ meeshkan record
```

This starts Meeshkan as a reverse proxy on the default port of `8000`.  For example, with curl, you can use Meeshkan as a proxy like so.

```bash
$ curl http://localhost:8000/http://api.example.com
```

> By default, the recording proxy treats the path as the target URL and writes a `.jsonl` file containing logs of all server traffic to a `logs` directory.  All logs are created in the [`http-types`](https://github.com/meeshkan/http-types) format.

Reviewer: Should we mention that Meeshkan always expects recordings to be in the `http-types` format?

Reviewer: Also what JSON Lines is? (similar to how we link to it/explain it in the `Build` section)

```bash

> $ meeshkan build --source file -i - < recordings.jsonl

Reviewer 2: I would remove documentation for the `--source`  parameter completely, we can infer the source from the parameter schema (https://github.com/meeshkan/meeshkan/issues/76).

```
### Building modes
You can use a mode flag to indicate how the OpenAPI spec should be built, ie:

```bash
meeshkan build -i path/to/recordings.jsonl --mode gen
```

Supported modes are:
* gen [default] - infer a schema from the recorded data
* replay - replay the recorded data based on exact matching

For more information about building, including mixing together the two modes and editing the created OpenAPI schema, see the [building documentation](./guides/BUILD.md).

## Mock

You can use an OpenAPI spec, such as the one created with `meeshkan build` to create a **mock** server using Meeshkan.

```bash
$ pip install meeshkan # if not installed yet
$ meeshkan mock
```

For more information about mocking, including adding custom middleware and modifying the mocking schema JIT via an admin API, see the [mocking documentation](./guides/MOCK.md).

## Development

To obtain a copy of this source code, you can clone it from this git repository.

```bash

> $ git clone http://github.com/meeshkan/meeshkan

Reviewer 2: Do we need to give instructions for how to clone a repo? Especially as no-one probably wants to clone across plain http usually.

```bash
$ meeshkan build --source file -i - < recordings.jsonl
```
### Building modes
You can use a mode flag to indicate how the OpenAPI spec should be built, ie:

```bash
meeshkan build -i path/to/recordings.jsonl --mode gen
```

Supported modes are:
* gen [default] - infer a schema from the recorded data
* replay - replay the recorded data based on exact matching

For more information about building, including mixing together the two modes and editing the created OpenAPI schema, see the [building documentation](./guides/BUILD.md).

## Mock

You can use an OpenAPI spec, such as the one created with `meeshkan build` to create a **mock** server using Meeshkan.

```bash
$ pip install meeshkan # if not installed yet
$ meeshkan mock
```

For more information about mocking, including adding custom middleware and modifying the mocking schema JIT via an admin API, see the [mocking documentation](./guides/MOCK.md).

## Development

> To obtain a copy of this source code, you can clone it from this git repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start by cloning the Meeshkan source code from this git repository:
```

`To obtain a copy...` sounds very formal so reworded it to be more actionable.

Reviewer: I'd also add this under the `Getting started` section

```bash
$ meeshkan build --source file -i - < recordings.jsonl
```
### Building modes

> You can use a mode flag to indicate how the OpenAPI spec should be built, ie:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use a mode flag to indicate how the OpenAPI spec should be built, for example:
```

```bash
meeshkan build -i path/to/recordings.jsonl --mode gen
```

Supported modes are:
* gen [default] - infer a schema from the recorded data
* replay - replay the recorded data based on exact matching

For more information about building, including mixing together the two modes and editing the created OpenAPI schema, see the [building documentation](./guides/BUILD.md).

## Mock server traffic using a Meeshkan spec

> You can use an OpenAPI spec, such as the one created with `meeshkan build` to create a **mock** server using Meeshkan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use an OpenAPI spec, such as the one created with `meeshkan build`, to create a **mock** server using Meeshkan.
```

```bash
$ pip install meeshkan # if not installed yet
$ meeshkan mock
```

For more information about mocking, including adding custom middleware and modifying the mocking schema JIT via an admin API, see the [mocking documentation](./guides/MOCK.md).

## Development

Here are some useful tips for building and running Meeshkan from source.

> ### Getting started

Reviewer: We should have something about cloning the repo here

### Type-checking

> You can run type-checking by installing [pyright](https://github.com/microsoft/pyright) globally and running:

Reviewer: We should show the command for installing pyright globally

## Contributing

> Thanks for your interest in contributing! Please take a look at our [development guide](#development) for notes on how to develop the package locally.  A great way to start contributing is to file an [issue](https://github.com/meeshkan/meeshkan/issue) or make a [pull request](https://github.com/meeshkan/meeshkan/pulls).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thanks for your interest in contributing! Please take a look at our [development guide](#development) for notes on how to develop the package locally.  A great way to start contributing is to [file an issue](https://github.com/meeshkan/meeshkan/issue) or [make a pull request](https://github.com/meeshkan/meeshkan/pulls).
```

More accessible links

> Please note that this project is governed by the [Meeshkan Community Code of Conduct](https://github.com/Meeshkan/code-of-conduct). By participating in this project, you agree to abide by its terms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that this project is governed by the [Meeshkan Community Code of Conduct](https://github.com/Meeshkan/code-of-conduct). By participating, you agree to abide by its terms.
```

Small tweak
